[REG-1353] Updates to validations capabilities (#43)
Regression-Games/RegressionDocs: docs/studios/unity/unity-sdk/creating-bots/javascript/validation-bots.mdx

These methods are in addition to the APIs defined in the [PlayTest Bots section](./playtest-bots#variables).

### `recordValidation(validationName: string, result: "PASS" | "FAIL" | "WARNING", options);`

Records a validation result that can later be seen in the Validations Dashboard. 

#### Arguments
Argument Name | Type | Default | Description
---|---|---|---|
`validationName` | `string` | | The name or message of the test to show in the UI
`result` | `"PASS"` \| `"FAIL"` \| `"WARNING"` | | The result of the test
`options` | `object` | `{}` | Additional options for the validation

> `options.icon` | `string` | | The icon to show in the UI. Can be `clock`, `heart`, `key`, or `sparkles`

Reviewer: Why are these strings defined differently than the "result" type? (also reword of description)

```suggestion
`options.icon` | `"clock"` \| `"heart"` \| `"key"` \| `"sparkles"` | | The icon to show next to this validation in the Validations Dashboard
```

#### Return Value

> No return value

Reviewer: To match other void methods in the docs:
```suggestion
None
```

Outside of current scope: We should probably change all of these to "Return Type" rather than "Value" and `void`
